Give an example for `--enable-nix` flag (#8333)
haskell/cabal: doc/nix-integration.rst

Enabling Nix Integration
------------------------

> To enable Nix integration, simply pass the ``--enable-nix`` global option when you call ``cabal`` (eg. ``cabal --enable-nix build``).

Reviewer: I'm afraid this won't work with new enough cabals, because now `build` is an alias for `v2-build`.  You probably want to say `v1-build`. Actually, if the flag does nothing with v2- commands, it would be great to also change all the examples below by prepending command names with `v1-`? Otherwise, we are just adding content to misleading documentation.

Enabling Nix Integration
------------------------

To enable Nix integration, simply pass the ``--enable-nix`` global option when you call ``cabal`` (eg. ``cabal --enable-nix v1-build``).
To use this option everywhere, edit your :ref:`global configuration file<config-file-discovery>` (default: ``$HOME/.cabal/config``) to include:

.. code-block:: cabal

    nix: True

If the package (which must be locally unpacked) provides a ``shell.nix`` or ``default.nix`` file, this flag will cause ``cabal`` to run most commands through ``nix-shell``. If both expressions are present, ``shell.nix`` is preferred. The following commands are affected:

- ``cabal v1-configure``
- ``cabal v1-build``
- ``cabal v1-repl``
- ``cabal v1-install`` (only if installing into a sandbox)
- ``cabal v1-haddock``
- ``cabal v1-freeze``
- ``cabal v1-gen-bounds``
- ``cabal v1-run``

> If the package does not provide an expression, ``cabal`` runs normally.

Reviewer 2: While you're at it, maybe:
```suggestion
If the package does not provide a Nix expression, ``cabal`` runs normally.
```
